Add color_write_enable sample (#664)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Samples: samples/extensions/color_write_enable/README.md

The final results are comparable to those obtained with `vkCmdSetColorWriteMaskEXT`, but it does not require the GPU driver to support `VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state3`.

## How to use in Vulkan
Program needs to enable extension `VK_EXT_COLOR_WRITE_ENABLE_EXTENSION_NAME` and request feature `VK_STRUCTURE_TYPE_PHYSICAL_DEVICE_COLOR_WRITE_ENABLE_FEATURES_EXT`. 
`VkPipelineColorWriteCreateInfoEXT` contains an array of Boolean values that serve as toggles for the corresponding `VkPipelineColorBlendAttachmentState`. This array can be overwritten dynamically with the `vkCmdSetColorWriteEnableEXT function`. 

Adding multiple color blend attachments requires the addition of the corresponding color attachments in the render subpass. Each additional render subpass attachment requires an  extra framebuffer. These framebuffers are filled with data separately in the fragment shader.

## The sample

> Thes ample shows how to setup an application to work with this extension:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample shows how to setup an application to work with this extension:
```

Author: Done

- limitations under the License.
-
-->

# Color write enable
## Overview
This sample demonstrates how to use the `VK_EXT_color_write_enable` extension. This extension allows to toggle the output color attachments using a pipeline dynamic state. It allows the program to prepare an additional framebuffer populated with the data from a defined color blend attachment which can be blended dynamically to the final scene.

The final results are comparable to those obtained with `vkCmdSetColorWriteMaskEXT`, but it does not require the GPU driver to support `VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state3`.

## How to use in Vulkan
To use this feature, the device extension VK_EXT_COLOR_WRITE_ENABLE_EXTENSION_NAME has to be enabled.
Support of this feature can be queried by extending the struct VkPhysicalDeviceFeatures2 in the vkGetPhysicalDeviceFeatures2 call by a VkPhysicalDeviceColorWriteEnableFeaturesEXT struct.
`VkPipelineColorWriteCreateInfoEXT` contains an array of Boolean values that serve as toggles for the corresponding `VkPipelineColorBlendAttachmentState`. This array can be overwritten dynamically with the `vkCmdSetColorWriteEnableEXT` function. 

> Two subpasses are prerformed in the sample. In the first subpass, three attachments are used. Each attachment has only one color component bit enabled - R, G and B. Triangle is drawn on each of them separately.

Reviewer 2: typo: p**r**erformed
Missing A: **A** triangle is drawn...

Author: Thanks, done aswell.

<!--
- Copyright (c) 2023, Mobica Limited
-
- SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-
- Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 the "License";
- you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
- You may obtain a copy of the License at
-
-     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
-
- Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
- distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
- WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
- See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
- limitations under the License.
-
-->

# Color write enable
## Overview

> This sample demonstrates how to use `VK_EXT_color_write_enable` extension. This extension allows toggle the output color attachments using a pipeline dynamic state. It allows the program to prepare an additional framebuffer populated with the data from a defined color blend attachment which can be blended dynamically to the final scene.

Reviewer 2: how to use **the** `VK_EXT_color_write_enable`
allows **to** toggle

Author: Fixed, thank you.

The final results are comparable to those obtained with `vkCmdSetColorWriteMaskEXT`, but it does not require the GPU driver to support `VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state3`.

## How to use in Vulkan

> Program needs to enable extension `VK_EXT_COLOR_WRITE_ENABLE_EXTENSION_NAME` and request feature `VK_STRUCTURE_TYPE_PHYSICAL_DEVICE_COLOR_WRITE_ENABLE_FEATURES_EXT`. 

Reviewer 2: To use this feature, the device extension `VK_EXT_COLOR_WRITE_ENABLE_EXTENSION_NAME` has to be enabled. Support of this feature can be queried by extending the struct `VkPhysicalDeviceFeatures2` in the `vkGetPhysicalDeviceFeatures2` call by a `VkPhysicalDeviceColorWriteEnableFeaturesEXT` struct.

Author: Fixed, thank you.

> `VkPipelineColorWriteCreateInfoEXT` contains an array of Boolean values that serve as toggles for the corresponding `VkPipelineColorBlendAttachmentState`. This array can be overwritten dynamically with the `vkCmdSetColorWriteEnableEXT function`. 

Reviewer 2: `vkCmdSetColorWriteEnableEXT function` -> `vkCmdSetColorWriteEnableEXT` function

Author: Fixed, thank you.
